Unit 003: Occupational Health, Safety & Environment II
LEARNING PERFORMANCE CRITERIA Evidence Evidence
OBJECTIVE (LO) Type Ref.
The learner will: The learner can:
LO. 1: 1.1 Wear clean, smart and appropriate
Identify personal personal protective equipment (wears).
health 1.2 Work safely at all times, complying with
and hygiene health, safety and environmental
regulations and guidelines.
1.3 Get cuts, grazes and wounds treated by
the appropriate personnel.
1.4 Report any form of illness promptly to the
appropriate personnel.
LO 2: Demonstrate 2.1 Identify safe work practice and
Safe working instructions.
Practices and 2.2 Identify safety signs and symbols.
Instructions 2.3 Use signs and symbols correctly.
2.4 Carry out safe work practices and
instructions.
2.5 Work in accordance with health and
safety best practices.
LO 3: Identify 3.1 Identify work environment hazards.
Safety Hazards and 3.2 Identify various ways to avoid common
risks workplace hazards
3.3 Identify methods to reduce the risk of
work hazards.
LO 4: 4.1 Identify basic first aid equipment.
Demonstrate how 4.2 identify the benefits of first aid equipment
to take appropriate 4.3 Maintain hygienic, safe and secure
actions during workplace.
accident/injury 4.4 Perform the use of safety equipment in a
mobile application work environment.
LO 5: 5.1 Use safe access and exit routes in the
Demonstrate safe work environment.
work habit and
5.2 Have knowledge of safe work habit and
clean work
clean work environment.
environment
5.3 Dispose all wastes appropriately to
designated waste facilities
6.1 Identify potential hazard(s)

LO.6: Prevent 6.2 Identify where information about health,
hazards in the work safety and environment in the workplace
place can be obtained.
6.3 Identify the types of hazard in the
workplace that may occur and how to
deal with them.
6.4 Demonstrate hazards that can be dealt
with personally and those that should be
reported to the appropriate personnel.
6.5 Demonstrate how to warn other people
about potential hazard(s) and why this is
important.

Unit 004: TEAM WORK
Unit reference number: AGR/AEM/L2/04
NSQ level: 2
Credit value: 1
Guided learning hours: 10
Unit Purpose:
This unit is developed to give the learner skills, knowledge and understanding required to develop
team spirit and positive working relationship.
Objectives: At the end of this unit, the learner should be able to:
1. Comply with organizational policies
2. Identify responsibilities within the team
3. Have a good working relationship with colleagues
Unit assessment requirements/evidence requirements:
Assessment must be carried out in real workplace environment in which Agricultural Mechanization
Equipment services and repair operations are carried out. Simulation is not allowed in this unit and
level.
Assessment method will include:
1. Direct Observation (DO)
2. Oral questions (DO)
3. Question and Answer (QA)
4. Witness Testimony (WT)
5. Personal statement (PS)
6. Recognition of Prior Learning (RPL)

Unit 004: TEAM WORK
LEARNING PERFORMANCE CRITERIA Evidence Evidence
OBJECTIVE (LO) Type Ref.
The learner will: The learner can:
LO 1: 1.1 Work In line with organizational
Compliance with standard and structure.
organizational 1.2 Use organizational code of practice.
policies 1.3 Apply organizational code of conduct.
2.1 Recognize own role and responsibilities
LO 2:
within the team.
Perform
2.2 Perform individual tasks in line with the
responsibilities
team rules and regulations.
within team
2.3 Participate effectively in teamwork.
3.1 Identify the need for developing positive
relationship with colleagues.
3.2 Recognize the importance of relating
with other people in a way that makes
LO 3:
them feel valued and respected.
Develop working
3.3 Assist team members when required.
relationship with
3.4 Report to the appropriate personnel
colleagues
when request/requesting for assistance
falls outside area of responsibility.
3.5 Communicate information to colleagues
about own work that might affect others.